Change documentation for Rocks import (#1317)
treeverse/lakeFS: docs/reference/import.md

nav_order: 8
has_children: false
---

> This page describes importing from versions >= v0.24.0. For ealier versions, use [mvcc import](import-mvcc.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page describes importing from versions >= v0.24.0. For ealier versions, see [mvcc import](import-mvcc.md)
```

To solve this we offer an import tool that does not copy any data, allowing for a more gradual onboarding process.

The lakeFS import tool will use the [S3 Inventory](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/storage-inventory.html) feature to create lakeFS metadata.

> The imported metadata will be reflected in lakeFS under a special branch, called `import-from-inventory`, unless it's the first commit to the repository that will be committed directly to `master`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case the repository is empty, the imported metadata will be committed directly to the main branch. In all other cases, it will be committed to a special branch, called `import-from-inventory`.
```

Reviewer 2: default branch

Once you switch to using the lakeFS S3-compatible endpoint in all places, you can stop making changes to your original bucket.
However, if your operation still requires that you work on the original bucket,
you can repeat using the import API with up-to-date inventories every day, until you complete the onboarding process.

> You can specify only the prefixes that requires import. lakeFS will merge those prefixes with the previous imported inventory. 

Reviewer: Needs clarification. Maybe an example

Reviewer 2: prefixed that require* import
